How to setup up mermaid to use already installed chromium (doc update) (#390)
mermaid-js/mermaid-cli: docs/already-installed-chromium.md

The text below is taken from Issue #331.

> If you run mermaid-cli with the --help flag, there's an option for --puppeteerConfigFile, which is a JSON configuration file for puppeteer.
> 
> These are options passed to puppeteer.launch.
> 
> The useful options for you are:
> 
>     executablePath Path to a browser executable to use instead of the bundled Chromium. Note that Puppeteer is only guaranteed to work with the bundled Chromium, so use this setting at your own risk. You may find https://github.com/puppeteer/puppeteer/blob/main/versions.js useful to see which versions of Chrome are compatible with versions of puppeteer.
>     product (in case you want to use firefox instead of chrome)
>     timeout can be used to increase/decrease timeout before puppeteer throws an error
> 
> You'll probably want a file called puppeteerConfigFile.json with contents:
> 
> {
>   "executablePath": "C:\\path\\to\\your\\chrome.exe"
> }
> 
> An example from mermaid-cli https://github.com/mermaid-js/mermaid-cli/blob/master/puppeteer-config.json
> 
> Then run mermaid-cli with option mmdc --puppeteerConfigFile puppeteerConfigFile.json.
> 
> You might also be able to do the same thing with environment variables by following: https://pptr.dev/#environment-variables.
> 
> Btw, if you set PUPPETEER_SKIP_CHROMIUM_DOWNLOAD=1 as an env variable when running yarn install or npm install, it should skip downloading CHROMIUM too.

Reviewer: By the way, if your a maintainer of a GitHub repo, you can click edit on a PR comment and get the full markdown source code.

This means you also get all the formatting code too :)

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/19716675/193469825-89fe434e-6e0b-46ee-a849-7b7658209f74.png)

````suggestion
If you run mermaid-cli with the `--help` flag, there's an option for `--puppeteerConfigFile`, which is a JSON configuration file for puppeteer.

These are options passed to [`puppeteer.launch`](https://pptr.dev/api/puppeteer.puppeteernode.launch/).

The useful options for you are:
  - [`executablePath`](https://pptr.dev/api/puppeteer.launchoptions.executablepath) Path to a browser executable to use instead of the bundled Chromium. Note that Puppeteer is only guaranteed to work with the bundled Chromium, so use this setting at your own risk. You may find https://github.com/puppeteer/puppeteer/blob/main/versions.js useful to see **which versions of Chrome are compatible with versions of puppeteer**.
  - [`product`](https://pptr.dev/api/puppeteer.product) (in case you want to use firefox instead of chrome)
  - [`timeout`](https://pptr.dev/api/puppeteer.launchoptions.timeout) can be used to increase/decrease timeout before puppeteer throws an error

You'll probably want a file called `puppeteerConfigFile.json` with contents:

```json
{
  "executablePath": "C:\\path\\to\\your\\chrome.exe"
}
```

Then run mermaid-cli with option `mmdc --puppeteerConfigFile puppeteerConfigFile.json`.

You might also be able to do the same thing with environment variables by following: https://pptr.dev/#environment-variables.

Btw, if you set `PUPPETEER_SKIP_CHROMIUM_DOWNLOAD=1` as an env variable when running `yarn install` or `npm install`, it should skip downloading CHROMIUM too.
````
